# Color Palette Generator

## Demo
Demo Video: <URL>

## GitHub Repository
GitHub Repo: https://github.com/Amanda13609/Color-Palette-Generator-

## Description
* The purpose of the color palette generator is to provide a random color palette for artists looking for a sense of direction in color. The code also provides a sense of challenge, and compels artists to think of ways to create a visually pleasing and interesting perspective in their color. 
The general idea is for the artist choose the number of colors they want, then the generator displays the palette with the number of colors. The terminal will then print the RGB of each palette color in order. The terminal will display the repeated question which the artist can either continue to generate another color palette or input no to quit the code. 
* First, Pygame must be installed and imported along with random and sys. The first section generate_color_palette focuses on the base of the generator applying the limitations in the color range and adding the number of colors that will be later implemented as an input. Display_color_palette section focuses on the window display of the color palette. The first part creates the size of the window, and the second part sizes each color to be displayed in the window in a rectangle. This is why Pygame is installed for creating the window that will display the colors as a palette. The third part prints the RGB numbers for each color in the palette. The main carries the output questions and input answers provided by the user. If the number is negative a message promptly asks for the user to provide a positive number. If the input is anything but a number a message will appear asking the user to provide a valid number. When the artist is done using the current palette they will be prompted with a question asking if they either want another generated palette or quit the code.
* When creating the design of the code I wanted to keep it simplistic nothing too complex for the users. I wanted the purpose of the code to be straightforward and concise. My goal was to have as little customization for no room to be indecisive. The random aspect provides a challenge and practice in using colors that aren't often paired. It allows artists to be creative in finding ways to use all colors and prepare themselves for unordinary or hard palettes in the future.  Some areas I would want to improve is providing a category of paired colors such as monochromatic, complementary, etc displayed both in the terminal and window. Another area of improvement would be to create a window in a bigger size for the user to view clearly and for larger palettes.  
